FIP - Description 

Each team is responsible for designing, coding and semantically tagging a responsive
HTML5 website (using Flexbox and or CSS Grid) to market their new brand. The site must
be 5 pages (including a page for contact information / where they could purchase your
new product).
One page scroll sites are NOT permitted.
Requirements:
● 5 Pages (Home, About, Products/Promotions, Advertisements, Contact/Purchase)
● Semantic tagging and Proper Document Outline
● Responsive design from mobile to desktop
● Valid HTML5
● Valid CSS
● Browser Compatibility
● Folder structure
● Layered working files

Authoring : 
Create some UI on the products / promotions page that can be used to load relevant
information from an array. Think about interactivity, microinteractions / transactions, user
experience, etc.
Your team can use a combination of advertisements or promotions and product features.
Create an interactive graphic / icon for each (create at least 3) and load content onto the
page when the user requests that information. Consider scalability and responsive design
considerations for your graphics, and choose your format(s) accordingly.
As an example, consider a “2 for 1” promo. Create a “Click for promo details” button or
graphic; clicking on that graphic should retrieve the content for that promo from an array
and add or replace existing content on the page.
Alternatively, create “hot spots” on your product images and reveal exciting information
about a given feature on a click. As an example, you could reveal information about the
health benefits of beer-scented baby wipes using a clickable graphic overlaid on your
product image.
Store the text information for each feature or promo in an array in your JavaScript file.
Develop a way to retrieve that information on a user interaction (a hover, a click) and show
it somewhere on the page. You can use a lightbox, a popover, a “see more” link... the UI
choices are entirely up to you.
All of your JavaScript code should be your own. You are free to re-use any assets from the
Authoring class files. If you would like to use a JavaScript library for animation please ask
first.
LEVEL UP:
Key your promotional material to your videos. Add layovers to your video using HTML,
CSS and JavaScript and load your promo content on a click